[WEAVE] Better attribute documentation (#1815)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tools/attributes.mdx

```python lines
import weave

weave.init("attribute-check")

@weave.op
def my_function(name: str):
    return f"Hello, {name}!"

# Add attributes to a specific call
with weave.attributes({'env': 'production', 'user_id': '12345'}):
    result = my_function("World")
```

The function attaches the attributes to all traced operations within the context manager block.

You can also nest `weave.attributes()` contexts. Inner contexts override outer contexts for the same keys:

```python lines
@weave.op
def process_data(data: str):
    return data.upper()

# Outer context
with weave.attributes({
    "env": "production",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "region": "us-west-2"
}):
    process_data("hello")  # Has all three attributes
    
    # Inner context overrides 'version'
    with weave.attributes({
        "version": "1.1.0",
        "experiment": "exp-456"
    }):
        process_data("world")  # Has env='production', version='1.1.0', region='us-west-2', experiment='exp-456'
```

## Global attributes

> Global attributes are set during Weave initialization and automatically apply to **all** traces and evaluations in your project. This is useful for project-wide metadata like environment, deployment version, or team information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set global attributes during Weave initialization, they automatically apply to **all** traces and evaluations in your project. This is useful for propagating project-wide metadata like environment, deployment version, or team information.
```

```python
import weave

weave.init(
    "my-project",
    global_attributes={
        "env": "production",
        "app_version": "2.1.0",
        "region": "us-west-2",
        "team": "ml-platform"
    }
)

# The global_attributes dictionary now applies these attributes to all subsequent operations
@weave.op
def my_function():
    return "Hello"

my_function()  # Automatically has all global attributes

# Evaluations also get global attributes
evaluation = weave.Evaluation(dataset=examples, scorers=[scorer])
asyncio.run(evaluation.evaluate(model))  # Has all global attributes
```

### Combine global and per-call attributes

> You can use both global attributes and per-call attributes together. Per-call attributes with the same key override global attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use global attributes and per-call attributes together. Per-call attributes with the same key override global attributes:
```
